1. The selectors for CSS are very different and have many purposes. The universal selector is represented by a * symbol, and it is for everything. It is good to use this if you want everything on your page the same. The element selectors are like h1, and they style just the element tag. This is good to use if you want to seperate your headings in different colors or fonts. The class selector is used when you want just the class element to be styled. You need to have the class="" in your div tag, and then on the css sheet, you need to refer to the class you want to style. This is good to use when you want different parts of your page styled seperately. The last selector is the ID selector and this is good to use if you want one part of a class to be styled differently. 
For my color pallette, I chose colors that were trends in the 1950's. The light pink background is HEX #fce4eb, and its very close to Lavender Blush, except slightly more pink. Then the heading color is rgba(148, 114, 212, 0.747) and this was as close as I could get it to a color scheme I found on google images of 1950's (I am not sure the name of the color, but its purple). Lastly, I chose this bluish color. One of the colors was darker (I used it for a block), but my other blueish color that was used was called Moonstone Blue, with a HEX #66B9C9. This color was also very trendy for 1950's
Some struggles this week was converting my files over to vscode. I am so use to atom (but sadly my computer overheated), so transitioning has been difficult. Luckily, it is very similar to Atom, except saving and pushing onto GitHub will be a challenge. My successes this week were using the background color styling and just having fun being able to design a website how I choose. 